So Greta's blood is avianative, just like mine, and the ring, it's...
I understand what you're thinking.
I felt the same way before, but Dr. Scott confirmed it.
Greta inherited her avian negative blood from David.
They are biologically father and daughter.
Greta, we've been very generous with you.
Paying for your father's medical bills, giving you a raise and even inviting you into our home.
And you repay our generosity by stealing?
Give me the ring.
It's not yours and you don't deserve to touch it.
No.
It is my ring.
I can't give it to you.
Give me the ring.
Hand it over.
The dog just can't stop itself from eating trash.
I should have known better than to pity someone as low as you.
The ring really was mine.
I got it from mine.